Ironclad, Intrinsic, Mercurial, Morose, Saturnine, Nonpareil, Fighting Spirit, Stormblast

Tag Skills -> Double XP
2-Stage Skill Test

Mechanic: Resources <- Presence, Beauty (Appearance), NPC Initial Reaction, HP Buffer

GRAVITAS

THE AUXILARY

"Who is your character, and what does he do?"

"Remember, heroes are called that not because they're better than everybody else, 
but because they're willing to fight, suffer and sacrifice for the things they
believe in. Per Aspera Ad Astra."

"If there is anything I have learned in my travels across the Planes, it is that many
things may change the nature of a man. Whether regret, or love, or revenge or fear - 
whatever you believe can change the nature of a man, can. I’ve seen belief move cities,
make men stave off death, and turn an evil hag's heart half-circle. This entire Fortress
has been constructed from belief. Belief damned a woman, whose heart clung to the hope
that another loved her when he did not. Once, it made a man seek immortality and achieve
it. And it has made a posturing spirit think it is something more than a part of me."

Joint Action: When you use this action, do not discard the action die you just used. Instead,
increase it by 1 (up to a maximum of 6) and give it to an adjecent ally. They can now
immediately use it to perform one standard action, or save it for later. A single character
can be targeted by Joint Action only once during a cycle. 
If:
 - The targeted character chooses to use the action die immediately,
 - He is currently engaged, and
 - You're engaged with the same characters as he is,
You may expose yourself to make him immune to attacks of opportunity
for that one action he is about to perform.

Run action? (after two consecutive moves?)

Transistor game

WHFRPG 3RD did make a neat attempt to create general rules for progress in encounters and 
enforce a narrative structure on them. Ultimately, it was a better execution than D&D 4E’s
skill challenge system, but only just.

CUNNING TRICKS - Swappable Perks

The weapon lists are incomplete. More weapons will be added in the future.
To do: Exotic Weapons, Gauntlets, Monk Weapons.

https://opengameart.org/art-search?keys=parpg
http://annales.info/evrope/behaym/behaym11.htm

ON INSPIRATION
https://theangrygm.com/take-the-suck-out-of-inspiration/

MAGIC INTRO:

1) Limbonic Art - A Misanthrophic Spectrum

	The magic sights of thy third eye
	Triumphant wargod rising tall
	Sparkling rain falls from the sky
	When thunder`s blasting heavens wall

2) Limbonic Art - Solace Of The Shadows

	I set the stones for invoking ceremonies
	In the twilight zones arise abstract galaxies
	The magic eye unveils the blackened skies
	A new horizon begins to each one that die

PILLARS:

- 0. Roleplay
- 1. Combat
- 2. Social Interaction
- 3. Exploration
- 4. Infiltration
- 5. ? Intrigue ?

SPECIAL WEAPONS:
Warsaw, Square Hammer, Pain(t)ball, Meatball, Meatshield, Axe of Judgement